add warning for `cds.User.authInfo` (#2046)
capire/docs: node.js/authentication.md

> **Note:** The availability of this API depends on the implementation of the respective authentication middleware.

::: warning

> `cds.User.authInfo` relies on the implementation of the authentication library.
> CAP cannot ensure the content.
> Hence, use with caution and always [pin your dependencies](../best-practices#deploy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cds.User.authInfo` property depends on the authentication library that you use. CAP does not guarantee the content of this property. Use it with caution. Always pin your dependencies as described in the [best practices](../best-practices#deploy).
```

Reviewer: Once more the text (better readable):

The `cds.User.authInfo` property depends on the authentication library that you use. CAP does not guarantee the content of this property. Use it with caution. Always pin your dependencies as described in the [best practices](../best-practices#deploy).
